	Since the Ethereals began the creation of the new races, 
the Elves had inhabited a small village known to many as Firn. 
Known for it's small bar and general store, Firn provided a safe 
haven for adventurers since the beginning of Elven history. As 
more races began to inhabit and roam the realm, the Orcs became 
allied with the Elves and built a small camp of their own in the 
vicinity. This peaceful coexistance lasted for many decades until 
the Orc leader Ulgab Grat turned on the Elves in what became 
known as the Gratian Confrontation. During this standoff soldiers 
from both the Elven settlement and the Orcish tribe fought and 
accomplished nothing. As the stalemate grew into a half-hearted 
reason to justify unrest, both sides became comfortable with 
small patrols guarding their territory. For many years, small 
skirmishes had developed, consisting mostly of one-on-one combat, 
and the standoff continued on. As time passed and Firn no longer 
had room for more Elven citizens, one influencial general used his 
power to try and finish off the Orcs one final time. For years he 
trained his finest citizens and changed them into finely tuned 
soldiers. When morale was high and the time right, he unleashed 
upon the Orcs a considerable attack. Taken by surprise, and in 
turn completely overpowered, the Orcs were forced into the depths 
of their subterrainian dwellings, not to be seen for some time by 
anyone. 
	When most local inhabitants had assumed the Orcish to have 
died out, a small troop of Orcs, led by Rhaluuk Mul, emerged from 
their home seeking a new peace with the Elves, and those races now 
inhabiting the world. Seeing that the Orcs appeared sincere in 
their efforts to rekindle an alliance, the Elves and several other 
represented races signed the Mul Treaty and peace was restored. 
Unknown to the non-Orcish races was the fact that Rhaluuk Mul was 
simply a pawn in the power of the Orcish Overlord known only as 
Rhuchn. Unseen by non-Orcs and even most within the Orcish 
settlement was a rather large military formation. After the Orcs 
had been sent into the earth to live, the charismatic Rhuchn took 
charge. Realizing his potiental power and his hatred for other 
races, he began developing a secret army which he would use in 
his conquest for revenge on the Elven race.  After the signing 
of the Mul Treaty, and comfort had returned between the Orc and 
the Elves, Rhuchn mobilized his forces within the caves. With 
numbers nearly even to those of the Elven Royal Army, Rhuchn 
knew that his strike must be sudden, stealthy, and surprising.
	Knowing the Elven trait of night-vision, Rhuchn attacked 
at dawn on a clear pleasant day. The Orcs failed miserably, for 
in training only within the safe confines of the caves, the 
soldiers had not been ready to fight in the direct sunlight 
and thus were easy targets for the Elven archers and 
bolt-throwers. Seeing that he would be easily defeated, Rhuchn 
retreated like a coward back to his home and started to devise 
a new plan. 
	Morale dropped immeasurably after the failed attack, and 
revolts were numerous within the Orcish tribe. One such revolt 
claimed the aging Rhuchn and along with him his fruitless efforts 
at revenge. Not since Rhuchn has a leader risen to such power. 
However efforts to defeat the Elves live on. No one quite knows 
who organizes the Orcish fighters, but periodically a band of them 
ventures forth to confront the Elves, seeking a weakness in their 
patrols.
	Since the time of the Mul Treaty signing, the Elven 
community remained stable and continued it's friendship with the 
non-Orcish races. Antil Verdes, the Elven Governor at the time 
of the Mul Treaty signing, provided leadership for some time until 
his sudden death shortly before Rhuchn struck at the Elves. At 
that time the young Nallung Akzr was appointed to replace the 
late Verdes. Since then he has provided unmatched leadership and 
strength for the Elves, building Firn anew, and promoting growth 
in all aspects of their lives.
