    Long ago, a wizard by the name of Balrog forced one of the smartest high-men on earth to copulate with the strongest horse he could find. With the help of his magic, the horse produced a centaur, a creature both as adept at learning as a high-man, and as fast and as strong as a horse. With his creation, Balrog caused havoc throughout the world, amassing great wealth and magical power, which his creations stole for him.
    The leaders of the world decided that starting a war against the centaurs was pointless, since Balrog would just switch his influences to another race, so they hired Morodin, a master of the magical arts, to deal with Balrog. Morodin and Balrog fought through their separate magicks for ages on end, and neither could get an advantage over the other, until one of Balrog's slaves distracted Morodin, and Balrog used the distraction to strike a mortal blow against Morodin. Morodin realized that he was beaten, but refused to let Balrog get away. With the last of his immense magical energy, Morodin uprooted the centaur homeland and stuck it high in the sky, fixing an unbreakable rope ladder to the edge of the floating island. Balrog and his race of centaurs were trapped up on the floating island by Morodin's magical barrier, which he formed with his last word.
   Since Morodin's death, the island has shrunk into mystery and legend, as few have dared to climb the mile long rope ladder and face the centaurs that roam the floating island at will. There are many legends concerning the fate of Balrog, who has been very quiet since Morodin's death, but the most prominent of them have Balrog building up his magical powers to break Morodin's curse, and once more unleash his centaur's on the people of Darke.
   The centaurs that Balrog created are an intelligent crossbreeding of man and equine, and would probably fit quiet well into the world of Darke, if Balrog is ever killed or relinquishes his control over them. From time to time, a centaur escapes the island, and Balrog's control, and tells horror stories of the torture that Balrog puts his creatures through for amusement.
