Background

In the last great chaos war (or equivalent), many powerful
artifacts were used, and many were lost during the course of the
conflict.  One of these artifacts, a source of great evil, was
recently recovered deep underground by the workers of an insectiod
race.  Not realizing the danger of the object, they took it back
to their queen, as they do with any valuable objects they find.
The artifact slowly poisoned and killed the queen before the danger
was realized.  As insect colonies tend to do, they applied royal
jelly to some young to create a new queen.  Normally, the first
queen to be born kills the others and takes her place as ruler.
Unfortunately, the artifact interfered with this process.  It
used its powers to corrupt one of the young.  The first queen
to hatch was pure and began to kill of the other potential rivals.
Before it could complete its work, however, the artifact woke
up the corrupted queen.  The two queens battled each other and
for the control of the drones in the hive.  The pure queen, 
having been born earlier, proved to be stronger... but not strong
enough to actually destroy the corrupted queen.  She gained
control of the majority of the hive, but the corrupted queen
was able to escape alive, with the artifact and a sizable number
of followers.  Furthermore, during their fighting, a third queen
was born and managed to escape.  She was, however, the weakest
and had little support from the already controlled drones.
She was rapidly driven away from the hive, but was not killed
because of the fighting and threat presented by the more powerful
corrupted queen.

THE AREA

Part 1, the surface

The third, weakest queen was forced all the way to the surface
after many skirmishes with the pure queen.  She reached the
surface with her followers and broke through near the top of a
hill.  This hill was near an outpost/village used by local
farmers and rangers that operated in the woodlands surrounding
the hill.  Some of here early scouts attacked the village,
killed some of its citizens, and damaged part of the village
when a fire was started (an overturned lamp in a wooden building).

The area is comparable in power levels to firn, with a larger
number of the high end mobs.  The players can explore and fight
the approach to the village, in the village itself where some
defenders have gathered, and a nearby farm where the local
residents are discussing the situation (elf child to elf warrior
comparison in strength to firn).  They can also head north of
the village back to the hill where the insects have gathered,
with their workers, warriors, etc.  The power level of the hill
insects runs from elf guard to elf champion in power comparison.

Part 2, the insect hive

If the players follow the tunnels back underground, they will
find first, the pursuing insects from the pure queen, then the
hive itself.  Where as the village on the surface has no shops
etc (they village is small and mostly abandoned except for the
defenders), the insects have built an impressive underground
presence.  While not a city proper, they have farms, nesting
areas, etc.  Everything you need to have a properly run ant farm.  
As the player descends deeper into the hive, they will find the 
majority of the warriors (and thus the tougher mobs) deeper down 
to protect against the corrupted hive.  The insects, other then the
drones and workers, are quite intelligent, and even have some
members capable of using magic.  The power level of this part
would be compatible to kuril (starting a bit weaker, getting
as tough as the chaos guards, with a very few tougher (such
as the queen and her elite guards)).

Part 3, the corrupt hive

This section, below the pure hive, is dangerous and twisted.
The mobs tend to be more solitary and there are fewer of them,
but they tend to be warped and much more powerful then their
uncorrupted brethren.  They are launching a campaign to kill
the pure queen, at which point the rest of the hive can be
taken over by the corrupted queen (once there is no more
challenge from the pure queen for the devotion of the hive).
Furthermore, the evil artifact has begun twisting the fabric
of reality around it as it finally has new followers (perhaps
providing access to the chaos plane when it is put in).
This area is less 'well developed' then the hive areas above,
but the twisted aspect of it will provide its own challenges
that the workers harvesting food above did not.  The mobs in
this area start a bit weaker then the dwarf mines, and get to
be tougher then them, especially the corrupted queen and other
possible chaos creatures (twisted, not actually demons).

Overall

The mobs will tend to be just plain tougher overall rather
then relying on insta kill spells and stuff.  If you want
more details on specific details of the areas (are you
going to have a fountain in the village, hidden items or
exits, etc), I can provide some, or just show you what I
have done so far.  If you have any other questions, please
ask.

Myrddin
 
