During the Great War between the Ethereals and the Elves, many races evolved.  Throughout this war, many Elves were captured and subjected to experiments that were designed to convert them to the Ethereals' cause.  Knowing of these "experiments" many Elves fled for their lives to various parts of the realm.  A small band of these Elves found refuge near a huge volcano called Toxtolsum, where they began constructing a mighty fortress.  A few years pass and the Elves magnificent palace is finally complete and stands gloriously nestled in a large crater near the base of the volcano. 

As the war trudged onward, an Elf named Dranaxar created The Magical Arts.  It was he who researched a more powerful force (even stronger than the elements) which would grant him control of reality itself.  Unfortunately, his experiment failed and he was consumed by magical energy and was never seen again.  As a result of his failure, the weather in the realm became very unstable, namely the torrential rains that pummeled the land for many weeks forming the vast oceans throughout the realm.  As the rains ceased, so did the war.  The Elves finally defeated the Ethereals and banished them to the Outer Planes... peace and tranquillity once again fell upon the land.

Glistening oceans now cover most of the realm.  The majestic palace that once stood at the base of Toxtolsum is now totally submerged in water.  Most of the Elves that resided within perished in the flood... while others survived and over time adapted to the water.  In their new home and way of life, these Aquatic-elves began experimenting with magic once again.  In their research, they created the Nereid’s and the Mer-folk to aid them in the further development of their society.  As their culture grew stronger, so did their seclusion.  The interaction between the water and surface dwellers deteriorated along with the trust between the two.   The newly formed races which were created to help maintain the palace, soon became guardians.  On occasion, the palace was attacked and pillaged by the surface dwellers.  The Aquatic-elves decided once again to resort to magic by enshrouding the entire palace in a protective aura.  This aura prohibits outsiders from gaining entrance via the ocean... allowing only one way in and one way out.

The palace has been secured for centuries... and the entrance to this majestic palace is still unknown.  Rumor has it that the entrance can be found in the area around Toxtolsum.  Many explorers have reported finding no such entrance...but have found only a complex set of caves.  The untold riches and secrets of the underwater palace are seemingly sealed forever.  Only those of truly adventurous and dedicated hearts will find the way...
