//City of Shao-tan
//idea : Hood
//name of city by : Lorthag

Brief history: (cuz I haven't thought of the finer points yet)

I'm working off of a map I have on graph paper, and will 
put a map in this dir as soon as I've made one.

size : 12roomsX19rooms
levels:  will range from 5-HMish
Quests:  I've got a few in mind, but will have
	to be worked out and fine tuned with my
	cabal leaders guidance.

Shops:  basicly mirror those that exist in akkad,
	except they will sell different stuff, and will
	not include silas's place...

More original type shit:

Jail / City Hall / Cemetary / Stables / **Executioner** 

* Guilds

  -The guilds will kinda mimic those in akkad, but all of them
won't be included, prolly have Thief, Fighter, Paladin, Necro
etc... just the more traditional ones to start with...

	-They will be filled with NPC guild members of
different races, and levels... AND... ofc each guild
will have an NPC Guild Master that will have some type 
of good weapon to make it worth the while.. 
since it will be a bitch to get to the guild masters..


Misc things of interest

  -shops

I was thinking of a way to have a forge shop where
tinkers and enchanters sell or trade their wears..
I think I even have an idea of how to goof with the existing
code of a normal shop to do it..

	-eg.  a tinker could go in... sell his tinkered
	  laen breast plate for a fair price, and then
	the shop keeper would sell it and stick some of 
the gross profit in the city coffer located in 
city hall... (prize for a quest I got in the back of me head)

Citizen Homes...

would like to turn the citizens homes (you'll see them on the map)
into kinda cheap inn rooms... very low cost, but very easy to break
into...
or maybe the opposite... they would be better then inn rooms 
or castles cuz they would be patroled by the city guards of Shao-tan
..
Jail -

  My city guards when engaged in combat won't kill players 
(if it's possible to code that)
but will take them down to like 1hp or something, then take them to
the city jail.

The jail it self will have a many ways to get out...
and will mostly be for fun, and to add to the theme
the jail door will be easily picked... prolly level 60% pick
locks...
will also be searchable by players that will find odd things 
of interest every so often...

In general the Jail will end up holding someone for 
maybe a half hour of RL time at the most...
during that time the room can be searched, things 
actually IN the jail can be discovered, etc... so it 
won't be IDLE time... 
.... more to come as I think of it...
heheh my amagination far surpasses my skill.... *sigh*
