GUIDELINES FOR CREATING AREA/CITIES/VILLAGES/QUESTS

  I.  Newly coded areas
    a. They all start with a summary file that indicates:
         1)who will be working on it
         2)aproximate date of completion
         3)the name and size of the area
         4)the theme/culture of the area
         5)pc and npc races that will be represented in it
         6)the lvl and profession of said races
         7)quest info
         8)special item info
	9)Maximum Money per reset.
         *side note is that in an area a player can travel alone,
          if he is not considered and enemy/food by the inhabitants,
          otherwise they should be in a party to survive.

    b. Second an number map with a key should be in the dir with
       the area name.

    c. Third the directory structure should be created.

       dir                         files
       /wizards/amel/gobo          gobo_summary
                                   gobo_map
       /wizards/amel/gobo/rooms    all room files
       /wizards/amel/gobo/mon      all monster files
       /wizards/amel/gobo/items    all items that are in the area

*note you do not need armour and weapon dirs, all items of this
        type should be made with the virtual servers.. for an example
        you can look at /wizards/amel/gobo/mon/gobo_chief.c or
        /doc/build/weapons/virtual_weapons_tutorial

    d.  A list of mobs and items should be posted in the respective dirs
        FIRST, so the assisting members can begin helping immediately.  The
        Guiding wiz can then chain rooms together with just the basic stuff
        (desc's, number of monsters, light smell, sounds) and annotate
        functions to be added to it by the other wizzes, who should trouble
        shoot each others rooms and point out coding errors in not only the
        functions but the basic rooms as well.

    e.  If you can't start at all, read help ed and/or ask someone patient
        how to use ed.. or ftp if you know how to do that.  Once you can
        use the editor read the help build docs, and look at room examples
        and try to build a basic room.  If you cannot do all the functions
        you would like to use, ASK YOUR CABAL members for help.. in fact
        they should be working on the area WITH you.  Only one person can
        set the vision for an area.. all others should suggest but not
        demand enhancements to it.  Of course the person who is guiding
        an area should be rotated around the group as each area is
        completed, so that everybody has a chance to see their area
        put in.

    f.  For those who are having difficulty above and beyond here is
        how I started after all of the above.  Capture a room file.
        started after all of the above.  capture a room file with the zmud
        with the zmud editor, paste to your text editor you are going
        to work with, modify the file, paste back to the zmud editor,
        in your zmud window open a file with ed, select insert mode,
        click to zmud editor and send all to mud, then save the file.

Specifics for area coding
1.  Room Descriptions
	a.  If it is an outside area a day and night description should be 
		coded
	b.  Different mobs might be located in certain areas pertaining 
		to the time of day.
		1.  i.e. More guards posted at night.
	c.  Room descrips should not describe mobs in the rooms.  
		These mobs might not be in the room at all times.
	d.  Stock rooms are acceptible but only if done right.  Please 
		change all stock rooms around at least a little.  Modify
		it, add somthing to it, make it different.
2.  Object Description:
a.  In Object Description make sure the description does not 
	describe the mob holding it in any way.
b.  Weapons and Armours should be from the virtual database.  
	Modify these when nessecary.  If you feel a weapon
	or armour type needs to be added mail me imediately,
	and I will add it.
3.  Mobs:
	a.  In long descriptions, only describe the mob itself, not it’s 
		item or the room it is in.
	b.  Do not be afraid to code many different mobs for your area.
		If you plan on using one standard mob, please make
		many variable.  ie.e Weapons, Armours, Level, etc.
	c.  All mobs should have a purpose.  A bunch of Orcs
		wandering around an area is not creative.  It 
		is best to have every mob have a pupose.
		1.  Example:  For a dwarven area, 3-5 guards, 1 great
			thane or leader, 1 advisor, 2 thane guards,
			1 Master Weaponsmith, 2 Weaponsmith 
			assistants, 1 Master armourer, 2 armourer
			assistants, 1 gem Cutter, 10 miners, 1 mining
			Chief, 1 head cook, Etc.
		ii.  If you are having difficulty with this tell me
			and I'll help you with this.  It's fun. =)
	d.  All areas should include a wide variety of mobs with a wide 
		of Levels.  It makes little sense to make an area where
		it is selective to one range of levels.  Societies do 
		not function this way.  Take for example the Dwarven
		community above.  This is how I would set it up.
		The Great Thane is an old wizened Dwarf, level 25.
		The Advisor is a crafty one, who has been around the
		block, level 17.  The Master Weaponsmith is a new 
		master, the old one just died, level 14.  The Master
		Armourer is a wizened old Armourer who is truly a 
		Master of his art, Level 28 Tinker.  The Assitants for
		the Weaponsmith are also up and coming, level 10 and 8.
		The Armourers assistants are well versed, and have come
		to study under the master, level 16, and 19.  The miners
		are all grunt workers, level 7.  The Mining Chief however
		is a seasoned warrior, level 15.  Etc.  
	You can see how there can be a wide range of levels in the area.
2.  Histories:  (For a really boring and long explanation of this check out
/wizards/klarr/guidelines)
	a.  Every are should have a history.  Each history should include at 
		least two parts:
		1.  Give a brief explination of how the area began.
			 How or why is the area there?  Who or what 
			founded/created the area? Etc.
		2.  Give a brief explination of the area now.
			What is the political makeup of the area?  Do 
			they have relations with anyone outside the 
			area?  Etc.
	b.  Some areas might have guilds, quests, or races in them.  If so a 
		brief history of the Guild, Quest, or Race should also be
		written using much of the same technique as above.
	c.  When making a history, please make sure it complies with 
		/doc/history/world_history.

IV.  Coding Snippets
  A.  All areas MUST have a .h file so they can be moved easily

  B.  The virtual weapons and armour should be used at all times, this
  does Not limit your creativity as these weapons just come from the

  C.  All code should have proper indentation and spacing to make it
  readable.

  D.  Good clear internal documentation of complex functions

  E.  We are planning to expand the master weapons list a great deal.  Try
  and stay away from using way to many swords.  Anything but swords, 
  they just get used to much.

  F.  Please follow the guidelines in the build help, simple things like
  every noun in the room should have an item desc, and anything of 
  interest should be able to be taken.  Mobs should not have unthematic 
  attacks, or out of wack skills.

