A Tyranid (or more accurately, The Tyranids) are one of the most frightening concepts I've run across.  They might be viewed as a combination of the Aliens from the Alien series of movies and the BORG from Star Trek : the Next Generation.  They are a biological, hive intelligence with members ranging from individual viruses to massive living starships.  The only purpose of the Tyranids (so far as anyone can tell...you can't exactly ask them) is to grow and reproduce (which doesn't mean precisely what you might think since ALL of the varieties of Tyranid are in fact just a manifestation of the ONE Tyranid organism).

To do this, Tyranids need raw materials, like any other life form.  They need air (well, not all of them exactly...they are incredibly adaptive), water, and "food" (more accurately, organic matter, proteins, etc.) so that they can make more of themselves and move the party along.

Since its all about growth, they can't afford to waste resources looking for suitable worlds, so they sent out (million, maybe billions, of years ago) space born spores and viruses.  If these land on a world with resources the Tyranids want, they grow into any number of living forms...often fungi or viruses.  As these fungi and viruses spread, they exterminate all the weak (i.e. inferior and not interesting to the Tyranids) life forms on the world and infest the rest.  As the number of infested beings grows, they begin to send a form a psychic homing signal that the Tyranids are always listening for.

When they arrive at a target world, the Tyranids drop from space in massive spore pods and then erupt over the landscape.  Genestelers and Lictors go in first to gather intelligence, followed by the Termagant and Tergoyle line troops.  Tyranid Warriors act as field officers under the command of the Hive Tyrants.  Zoanthropes and Carnifexes are the heavy artillery of the Tyranid army.  In addition to the more usual combat forces, the Tyranids blanket the planet in poisonous spores and deadly viruses.  Most worlds fall quickly.

After the battle is won, billions of ripper swarms are released onto the planet.  They consume every particle of organic matter, scouring the oceans and the land.  Even the Tyranids left on the planet are consumed.  When they are finished, the Ripper Swarms return to the Hive Ships and are themselves consumed, broken down into proteins and fluids.  The DNA they have collected is collated, analyzed, and if ANYTHING is found that the Tyranids can put to use, they put it to use.  Before moving on to their next target, the Tyranids drain the oceans and absorb the atmosphere.  When they leave a world, nothing but cold, dry rock is left behind.

